network/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | 6.5.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_compute_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_network) | resource |
| [google_compute_subnetwork.backend](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_subnetwork) | resource |
| [google_compute_subnetwork.proxy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_subnetwork) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | Name of the GCP project | `string` | `"ivynet-tests"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | GCP region | `string` | `"us-central1"` | no |
| <a name="input_role"></a> [role](#input\_role) | Network role | `string` | `"backend"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Add extra docs
- overview + version history

network/README.md, after:

# Overview

This module provides a GCP network.
It 'hardcoded' for limited number of usages.
At the moment it's only a network for the backend.

# Versions

- network-1 - initial network, only for backend

# TF Docs
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | 6.5.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_compute_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_network) | resource |
| [google_compute_subnetwork.backend](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_subnetwork) | resource |
| [google_compute_subnetwork.proxy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_subnetwork) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | Name of the GCP project | `string` | `"ivynet-tests"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | GCP region | `string` | `"us-central1"` | no |
| <a name="input_role"></a> [role](#input\_role) | Network role | `string` | `"backend"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
