lb/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | 6.7.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_compute_backend_service.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_backend_service) | resource |
| [google_compute_backend_service.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_backend_service) | resource |
| [google_compute_global_address.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_global_address) | resource |
| [google_compute_global_forwarding_rule.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_global_forwarding_rule) | resource |
| [google_compute_global_forwarding_rule.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_global_forwarding_rule) | resource |
| [google_compute_health_check.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_health_check) | resource |
| [google_compute_health_check.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_health_check) | resource |
| [google_compute_managed_ssl_certificate.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_managed_ssl_certificate) | resource |
| [google_compute_target_https_proxy.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_target_https_proxy) | resource |
| [google_compute_target_https_proxy.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_target_https_proxy) | resource |
| [google_compute_url_map.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_url_map) | resource |
| [google_compute_url_map.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_url_map) | resource |
| [google_dns_record_set.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/dns_record_set) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_dns_domain"></a> [dns\_domain](#input\_dns\_domain) | Domain Name used for FQDN of LB | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_dns_zone"></a> [dns\_zone](#input\_dns\_zone) | The name of the DNS ZONE | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the loadbalancer | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | Name of the GCP project | `string` | `"ivynet-tests"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | Name of the region | `string` | `"us-central1"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm-group-id"></a> [vm-group-id](#input\_vm-group-id) | ID of the backend instance group | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Fix lb README
- add our (simple) docs

lb/README.md, after:

# Overview

This module creates a LB for the backend.
The traffic is:
- port 443 -> 8080 (HTTPs)
- port 50050 -> 50050 (GRPC/HTTP2)

# Versions
- lb-1 initial version of the module

# TF Docs
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | 6.7.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_compute_backend_service.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_backend_service) | resource |
| [google_compute_backend_service.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_backend_service) | resource |
| [google_compute_global_address.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_global_address) | resource |
| [google_compute_global_forwarding_rule.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_global_forwarding_rule) | resource |
| [google_compute_global_forwarding_rule.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_global_forwarding_rule) | resource |
| [google_compute_health_check.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_health_check) | resource |
| [google_compute_health_check.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_health_check) | resource |
| [google_compute_managed_ssl_certificate.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_managed_ssl_certificate) | resource |
| [google_compute_target_https_proxy.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_target_https_proxy) | resource |
| [google_compute_target_https_proxy.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_target_https_proxy) | resource |
| [google_compute_url_map.grpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_url_map) | resource |
| [google_compute_url_map.http](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_url_map) | resource |
| [google_dns_record_set.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/dns_record_set) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_dns_domain"></a> [dns\_domain](#input\_dns\_domain) | Domain Name used for FQDN of LB | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_dns_zone"></a> [dns\_zone](#input\_dns\_zone) | The name of the DNS ZONE | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the loadbalancer | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | Name of the GCP project | `string` | `"ivynet-tests"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | Name of the region | `string` | `"us-central1"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm-group-id"></a> [vm-group-id](#input\_vm-group-id) | ID of the backend instance group | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
